{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21540\viewh17400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0                                                                \
                                                                      Playlist  \
\
\
37. AOP Pointcut Expressions - Match Method Parameter Types-1. AOP Pointcut Expressions -  Match Method Parameter Types Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
37. AOP Pointcut Expressions - Match Method Parameter Types-2. AOP Pointcut Expressions - Match Method with Account and more Params 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
37. AOP Pointcut Expressions - Match Method Parameter Types-3. AOP Pointcut Expressions - Match Method Any Params - Match Method in a Package 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
38. AOP Pointcut Declarations - 1. AOP Pointcut Declarations - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
38. AOP Pointcut Declarations - 2. AOP Pointcut Declarations - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
38. AOP Pointcut Declarations - 3. AOP Combining Pointcuts - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
38. AOP Pointcut Declarations - 4. AOP Combining Pointcuts - Write Some Code - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
38. AOP Pointcut Declarations - 5. AOP Combining Pointcuts - Write Some Code - Part 2 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
39. AOP Ordering Aspects - 1. AOP Ordering Aspects - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
39. AOP Ordering Aspects - 2. AOP Ordering Aspects - Write Some Code - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
39. AOP Ordering Aspects - 3. AOP Ordering Aspects - Write Some Code - Part 2 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
40. AOP JoinPoints - 1. AOP Read Method Arguments with JoinPoints - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
40. AOP JoinPoints -  2. AOP Read Method Arguments with JoinPoints - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
41. AOP @AfterReturning Advice Type - 1. AOP @AfterReturning Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
41. AOP @AfterReturning Advice Type - 2. AOP @AfterReturning - Write Some Code - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
41. AOP @AfterReturning Advice Type - 3. AOP @AfterReturning - Write Some Code - Part 2 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
41. AOP @AfterReturning Advice Type - 4. AOP @AfterReturning - Write Some Code - Part 3 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
41. AOP @AfterReturning Advice Type - 5. AOP @AfterReturning - Modifying Data - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
\
42. AOP @AfterThrowing Advice Type - 1. AOP @AfterThrowing 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
42. AOP @AfterThrowing Advice Type - 2. AOP @AfterThrowing - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
43. AOP @After Advice Type - 1. AOP @After Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
43. AOP @After Advice Type - 2. AOP @After - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 1. AOP @Around Advice Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 2. AOP @Around - Write Some Code - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 3. AOP @Around - Write Some Code - Part 2 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 4. AOP @Around Advice - Resolve Order Issue 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 5. AOP @Around Advice - Handling Exceptions - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 6. AOP @Around Advice - Handling Exceptions - Write Some Code 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
44. AOP @Around Advice Type - 7. AOP @Around Advice - Rethrowing Exceptions 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
\
45. AOP Add AOP Logging to Spring MVC App - Real-Time Project - 1. AOP AOP and Spring MVC App - Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
45. AOP Add AOP Logging to Spring MVC App - Real-Time Project - 2. AOP AOP and Spring MVC App - Write Some Code - Create Aspect  
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
45. AOP Add AOP Logging to Spring MVC App - Real-Time Project - 3. AOP AOP and Spring MVC App - Write Some Code - Add @Before Advice 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
45. AOP Add AOP Logging to Spring MVC App - Real-Time Project - 4. AOP AOP and Spring MVC App - Write Some Code - Add @AfterReturning Advice 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
\
\
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 1. Maven Overview - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 2. Maven Overview - Part 2  
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 3. Maven Key Concepts - POM file and Coordinates 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 4. Maven - How to Find Dependencies 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 5. Maven Archetypes 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 \

\f0 \
46. Maven Crash Course - 6. Maven - Creating a Simple Project - Part 1 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 7. Maven - Creating a Simple Project - Part 2 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 8. Maven - Creating a Web App Project 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 \

\f0 \
46. Maven Crash Course - 9. Maven - Repositories Overview 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 10. Maven - Local Repository 
\f1 \uc0\u9989 
\f0 \
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 11. Maven - Central Repository (remote)\
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 12. Maven - Additional Repositories Overview\
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 13. Maven - Additional Repositories Demo\
\
46. Maven Crash Course - 14. Maven - Private Repositories\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}